Committees

   (1) Both permanent and temporary committes shall have members appointed by
       the president.  Temporary committees shall serve until the president
       deems them unnecessary.  Committees will function as informally as
       possible, and may meet as they see fit.  At least half of a committee's
       members must be present to conduct business.  One committee member will
       be selected to keep notes, and these notes will be entered into
       official club minutes at the next club meeting.

   (2) Temporary committees may be set up for any task relating to the purpose
       of the club, such as Field Day, contests, technical projects, or
       licensing.

   (3) Permanent committees are as follows:

   (a) Membership committee - This committee shall be responsible for
       reviewing and voting on prospective members.

Dissolution

   (1) Upon a vote of club members as provided for in the constitution, the
       club may elect to dissolve.  Should this happen, club property may be
       dealt with as follows:  private sale to club members, public auction, or
       donation to another radio club.  Proceeds of private sales or auctions
       will be added to club finances.

   (2) Club finances including dues and any bank accounts will be donated to
       another radio club or radio-related charity of the club's choosing.  It
       is the duty of the Minster of Finance to handle disbursement of club
       finances.

   (3) The Trustee shall handle disposal of the club call sign and any other
       club-related registrations.

Documents

   (1) The in-force copy of the club constitution and by-laws will be
       maintained in version control as chosen and maintained by the
       vice-president.

   (2) Club logs and records will be maintained electronically.

Dues

   (1) Dues are set at $0 per year for all members.

   FIXME
   Changes in dues must be approved by a simple majority vote of members present
   at a club meeting.  Non-payment of dues may be grounds for dismissal of a
   member.  The club will seek to minimize dues.

Elections

   (1) The Prime Minister shall call for a club meeting each January, for the
       purpose of electing new officers.

   (2) Elections shall be conducted by a voice vote.

   (3) Newly elected officers shall assume their duties at the conclusion of
       the January meeting.

FIXME
Finances

FIXME
Meetings

   Meetings shall be conducted on an as-needed basis at the request of a club
   officer.  Meetings may be conducted in-person, over the radio, or via
   electronic means.  For purposes of elections and amendments, at least half
   of club membership must be in attendance.

Membership

   (1) Membership is open to all licensed radio amateurs permitted to operate
       in the United States of America.

   (2) Prospective members must be sponsored by an existing member and must be
       approved by a majority vote of the membership committee.

   (3) Members in good standing are those with a valid radio license and fully
       paid dues.  These members are eligible to vote in all club matters, hold
       office, and serve on committees.

   (4) Members whose license is revoked will be expelled from the club without
       a vote.

   (5) Members may be expelled from the club by a two-thirds vote of members in
       attendance.

# vim: set expandtab; set tabstop=4; set shiftwidth=4; set textwidth=78
