Article I - Name

The name of this club shall be __________.

Article II - Purpose

The purpose of this club is to promote increased amateur radio activity among
members; to increase the technical knowledge of its members; to conduct group
amateur radio activities; to contribute to public safety; and to compete in
amateur radio contests.

Article III - Officers

   Section 1 - Officers

   The officers of this club shall be Prime Minister, Deputy Prime Minister,
   Minister of Finance, Trustee, and Quartermaster.  They shall perform duties
   as set forth in this constitution and the by-laws.  A member may serve as
   only one officer at a time.

   Section 2 - Terms

   Except for Trustee, the officers of this club shall be elected for a term of
   one year.  The trustee shall be elected for a term of three years.  Officers
   may be elected to the same position for consecutive terms.

   Section 3 - Election

   Elections shall take place annually and in a manner provided for in the
   by-laws.

   Section 4 - Vacancies

   In the event of a vacancy, the Prime Minister (or Deputy Prime Minister, if
   vacant) shall call for a special club meeting to fill the vacancy.  If no
   one is elected, the Prime Minister (or Deputy Prime Minister, if vacant)
   may appoint a member to fill the vacancy.  Any one elected to fill a
   vacancy shall serve until the next regularly scheduled election.

Article IV - Duties of Officers

   Section 1 - Prime Minister

   The Prime Minister shall conduct all meetings and appoint any special
   committees as provided for in the by-laws.  The Prime Minister also serves
   as the primary public contact for the club, but may delegate this
   responsibility to other club members on a temporary basis, as required by
   club activities.

   Section 2 - Deputy Prime Minister

   The Deupty Prime Minister shall serve as secretary during club meetings and
   maintain meeting minutes, committee minutes, and all other non-technical
   club documents.  Upon absence of Prime Minister, the Deputy Prime Minister
   shall temporarily assume the Prime Minister's duties.  Upon election of a
   new Deputy Prime Minister, the outgoing Deputy Prime Minister shall turn
   over all records and logs to their successor.

   Section 3 - Minister of Finance

   The Minister of Finance shall receive and keep track of all club dues and
   periodically report on them at club meetings.  The Minister of Finance
   shall also handle club bank accounts, donations, and payments in a manner
   provided for in the by-laws.  Upon election of a new Minister of Finance,
   the outgoing Minister of Finance shall turn over all records to their
   successor.

   Section 4 - Trustee

   The Trustee shall serve as custodian of the club's call sign, as the point
   of contact with the FCC and VEC for all club matters, as the keeper of the
   club's radio logs, and shall appoint control operators to use the club call
   sign at events.  Upon election of a new Trustee, the outgoing Trustee shall
   turn over all records and logs to their successor, and shall coordinate
   with their successor to file the change of trustee form with the VEC.

   Section 5 - Quartermaster

   The Quartermaster is responsible for all club property.

Article V - Membership

Membership is open to all licensed radio amateurs permitted to operate in the
United States of America, as provided for in the by-laws.

Article VI - Meetings

Meetings shall be conducted on an as-needed basis at the request of a club
officer, in a manner provided for in the by-laws.

Article VII - Club Property

Any items purchased with club dues or donated to the club become property of
the club.  The club shall not own property beyond what is reasonably necessary
to fulfill the purpose of the club.

Article VIII - Dues

Dues shall be levied on club membership at a rate and manner provided for in
the by-laws.  The club shall only collect dues to cover reasonable and
necessary expenses to fulfill the pupose of the club.

Article IX - Amendments

This constition or the by-laws may be amended by a two-thirds vote of members
present, at any meeting.  Amendments may be proposed and voted on at the same
meeting.

Article X - Dissolution

The club may, at any meeting, elect to dissolve itself by a two-thirds vote of
members present at a club meeting.  Club finances and property will be
disbursed in a manner provided for in the by-laws.

# vim: set expandtab; set tabstop=4; set shiftwidth=4; set textwidth=78
