Committees

   (1) Both permanent and temporary committees shall have members appointed by
       the Prime Minister.  Temporary committees shall serve until the Prime
       Minister deems them unnecessary.  Committees will function as informally
       as possible, and may meet as they see fit.  At least half of a committee's
       members must be present to conduct business.  One committee member will
       be selected to keep notes, and these notes will be entered into
       official club minutes at the next club meeting.

   (2) Temporary committees may be set up for any task relating to the purpose
       of the club, such as Field Day, contests, technical projects, or
       licensing.

   (3) Permanent committees are as follows:

   (a) Membership committee - This committee shall be responsible for
       reviewing and voting on prospective members.

Dissolution

   (1) Upon a vote of club members as provided for in the constitution, the
       club may elect to dissolve.  Should this happen, club property may be
       dealt with as follows:  private sale to club members, public auction, or
       donation to another radio club.  Proceeds of private sales or auctions
       will be added to club finances.

   (2) Club finances including dues and any bank accounts will be donated to
       another radio club or radio-related charity of the club's choosing.  It
       is the duty of the Chancellor of the Exchequer to handle disbursement
       of club finances.

   (3) The Trustee shall handle disposal of the club call sign and any other
       club-related registrations.

Documents

   (1) The in-force copy of the club constitution and by-laws will be
       maintained in version control as chosen and maintained by the
       Brewmaster.

   (2) Every effort will be made to maintain club logs in an electronic
       format.  On the occassion that electronic record keeping is not possible,
       paper records will kept in a reliable manner and transcribed to electronic
       format when possible.

Dues

   (1) Dues are set at $0 per year for all members.

   (2) Changes in dues must be approved by a majority vote of members present.

   (3) Non-payment of dues may be grounds for dismissal of a member, at the
       membership's discretion.

Elections

   (1) Any full member may call for an election at their discretion. 

   (2) Elections shall be conducted by a voice vote.

   (3) Newly elected officers shall assume their duties at the conclusion of
       the meeting in which they are elected.

Finances

   (1) The club shall not maintain a club bank account unless approved by a
       majority vote of the members.

   (2) Money collected for specific events or equipment shall be logged and
       maintained as a fund independent of any personal or business bank
       account.

   (3) The club shall make cash payments whenever the need arises.  If cash is
       unacceptable, the club will convert collected cash to a money order to
       pay.

   (4) Payments made for the club by personal credit cards or checks are
       eligible for reimbursement.  Payments must be agreed to beforehand and
       a receipt must be presented to the club for reimbursement.  The club
       will reimburse members with cash.

   (5) A transaction log must be maintained by the club consisting of money
       collected and money paid out.

   (6) The club members may request a summary club financial report from the
       Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Meetings

   Meetings shall be conducted on an as-needed basis at the request of a club
   officer.  Meetings may be conducted in-person, over the radio, or via
   electronic means.  For purposes of elections and amendments, at least half
   of club membership must be in attendance.

Membership

   (1) Membership is open to all licensed radio amateurs permitted to operate
       in the United States of America.

   (2) Prospective members must be sponsored by an existing member and must be
       approved by a majority vote of the membership committee.

   (3) Members in good standing are those with a valid radio license and fully
       paid dues.  These members are eligible to vote in all club matters, hold
       office, and serve on committees.

   (4) Members whose license is revoked will be expelled from the club without
       a vote.

   (5) Members may be expelled from the club by a two-thirds vote of members in
       attendance.

   (6) Associate Membership is open to any interested parties.

   (7) Associate Members must be sponsored by an existing member and must be
       approved by a majority vote of the membership committee.

   (8) Associate Members have all of the rights, but may not participate in
       elections. Additionally, they may only use the club callsign when a 
       full member is acting as control operator.

Club Callsign

   (1) Members, or Associate Members with a Member as the control operator,
       may request to use the club callsign.
   
   (2) The Trustee approves any requests for the callsign at his or her 
       discretion, with advisement from the club officership.

   (3) All contacts made with the club callsign must be logged digitally. If
       digital logs are not practical at the time of the contacts, they may
       be logged in another format and converted to digital format at a later
       date.

   (4) Digital logs should be submitted to the Trustee in ADIF or Cabrillo 
       format. The Trustee may designate or approve of other formats on an 
       as-needed basis.

   (5) Care should be taken to ensure accuracy of times, frequencies and modes
       recorded in logs.

   (6) Any Member utilizing the club callsign shall take extra care to ensure
       that they operate not only within the law, but also following best
       practices. They should recognize that in using the club callsign, they
       are acting as a representative of the club.
    
   (7) Members utilizing the club callsign outside of the US Call Area 1 shall
       append an appropriate suffix to the callsign while operating (e.g., when
       operating in US Call Area 7 shall append '/7' to the callsign). '/1' may
       be appended to the callsign when operating in Area 1 at the discretion
       of the Trustee.

# vim: set expandtab; set tabstop=4; set shiftwidth=4; set textwidth=78
